who are they let's interrogate waxy rule
they're cool
hey turtle fans today I will be
reviewing the Teenage Mutant Ninja
Turtles toon turtles version of Zack
Cala and desk by playmates from 1992 got
them on eBay for about five to ten
dollars each loose and use okay so here
is Zack first with the articulation legs
you got upwards a little bit outwards
arms you got up and down
a little bit in the midsection their
turns at the waist and slight head in
movement
okay and since this is a tun turtles
version there's a tune texture feel as
they advertise it so the body is a
little rubbery sort of kind of compared
to the previous 1991 release and then a
appearance they got a lot wrong most
notably with the shoulder pads and the
boots are supposed to be white hair
could have been darker the glasses are
funky but they did put a lot of detail
on this figure on the legs you can see
like yeah is like nice or something like
that
and a gun and a zipper strap and a lot
of just dots on the back and just stuff
um so that's pretty cool in the hair
they got a little bottle little lines so
that's not that bad okay with the
accessories you'll get old TV screen
hoverboard thing backpack gun and a
little hose that attaches to the gun so
let's put them on there
the accessories of this compared to the
1981 of the same thing so for the older
ones painted purple
that's right she goes fine
and there you go cool
and now desk articulation up and down
the legs
up and down arms
sideways elbows turn to waste on head
movement
okay the condition line came in the
seller said it was c8 but as you can see
it's far from that hands are all ripped
up and the front stripe is pretty torn
up so if you ever buy from the seller
named by the name of DC sports cards
don't expect the condition to be what it
says okay now the appearance the figure
appearance first the cartoon counterpart
is a little off okay judging by some
snapshots I was looking at earlier and
some snapshots it looked like the colors
were inversed excuse me like you know
this purple stripe here was yellow and
the main body was purple but mainly the
top is pretty much correct except for
the midsection that little diamonds
supposed to be purple pants the wrong
color yes so with these tun Turtles they
got the colors pretty off put him in his
face space isn't bad though I'll give
him credit for that the accessories you
get another TV screen and it gave me the
wrong one go figure
but you get jet pack and then retro
board
a plasma pistol and in a turtle trekker
jetpacks not hard to put on
Oh retro board gun looks kind of awkward
to me when you put it in their meats
like has it leaning sideways
so whatever the same thing you put
another hand and tiger still not bad
though I never had this one as a kid
it's nice to have no all right now I'll
Kalwa articulation upwards downwards
shoulders upwards there is no midsection
turning here this is part of the figure
it does not turn but on this side you do
get movement
so it's very awkward and again I had to
buy this one loose from DC sports cards
so the condition that have been a lot
better there's some minor paint wear
especially on the back of the hair not
too happy about that
the figure versus the cartoon
counterpart is off again so is the
structure like her shoulders were kind
of just like you know a ball rather than
a whole bunch of rivets or whatever and
also her pants were green if I remember
correctly the face is okay I guess
although her head stances a little weird
though accessories
oh wait and also with the structure
she's impossible to stand to him and her
feet are so small so yeah I mean on a
hard service you can sometimes standard
put on this my tables cushiony so can't
do it yeah accessories again they sent
me the wrong TV and then you get to
anti-gravity boots
go on there oops
like so
yeah cosmic comb and a pistol-packing
mirror oh and then also she comes with
the turtlecom
that is one accessory she is missing the
auction said complete and I messed the
similar about that it was like the
second main reason why I wanted to buy
her because in my Ninja Turtle
stop-motion I wanted to have April I
wanted her to have a clamshell style
turtlecom like she's in the cartoon and
calla comes with that pretty
disappointed about that overall I can
only recommend these for the hardcore
turtle fan or a hardcore collector other
than that I could have totally done
without these figures and with these two
turtle versions the color is just so bad
and it's really starting to annoy me
other than that they're pretty cool and
that's marry you so thanks for watching
and I'll see you next time